Add basic documentation on debugging with pika (#1412)
pika-org/pika: docs/usage.rst

---------------------------------------

Due to the small default stack sizes of user level threads a common problem is stack overflows. When
using the ``mmap``-based stack allocation (default on platforms that support it) pika provides a
configuration option to enable guard pages at the end of a stack. When enabled, a protected page
will be allocated such that if one attempts to read or write within a page of the end of the stack,
a segmentation fault will be triggered. The option can be enabled by exporting
``PIKA_USE_GUARD_PAGES=1``. The option is disabled by default.

.. info::

   Many MPI implementations also install signal handlers or have options for enabling them.
   ``libSegFault.so`` (part of ``glibc-tools``, more info in `this blog post
   <https://www.marcusfolkesson.se/blog/libsegfault/>`_) also provides a way to install a signal
   handler. These can be useful alternatives to the signal handlers provided by pika. Depending on
   the type of issue you are debugging, different signal handlers can be more or less helpful as
   they print slightly different information.

   pika does not install any signal handlers by default. They have to be enabled explicitly using

>    the options described below.

Reviewer: This note feels misplaced: should it go after the next session? Mainly asking because of the "also install", but you only says below that pika can install signal handlers.

Author: Yeah, I definitely put it too early. I've moved it down a bit in https://github.com/pika-org/pika/pull/1412/commits/33e656a8e0f6196239f37ea386a06cb553e4aaab.

  ``PIKA_LARGE_STACK_SIZE``, or ``PIKA_HUGE_STACK_SIZE``. Tasks use the small stack size by default,
  which is 64 KiB, or ``0x10000`` bytes.

.. _debugging_sanitizers:

Sanitizers
----------

`Address <https://clang.llvm.org/docs/AddressSanitizer.html>`_, `thread
<https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ThreadSanitizer.html>`_, and other sanitizers can be invaluable when
debugging concurrent programs. pika can be instrumented with sanitizers as most programs. To reduce
the chances of false positives make sure to build pika with the CMake option
``PIKA_WITH_SANITIZERS=ON``. This does not enable any sanitizers directly, but disables certain
functionalities internally to work better with sanitizers. To actually enable sanitizers, enable
them explicitly by setting ``-fsanitize=`` flags as for any other CMake project. It's highly
recommended to use ``-fno-omit-frame-pointer`` with sanitizers.

There are known issues that may prevent you from using sanitizers with pika. Under the ``tools``
subdirectory of the pika repository you can find the most recent suppression files that are used for
CI runs with sanitizers. Similarly, under ``.github/workflows`` you can find the most recent build

> configurations (including sanitizer options) that with sanitizers, along with blacklists of tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configurations (including sanitizer options) that work with sanitizers, along with blacklists of tests
```
Use or similar?

> that are currently known to not pass with sanitizers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are currently known to fail with sanitizers.
```
?
